Say a number
It's like I'm selling my daughter
I can't speak
Then be direct.
600,000 one less
OK
You really have 600,000
I gave him the moon before 200,000
You gave Mingyue 200,000
That was when you were a door-to-door son-in-law
Mingyue saved you
But he deserved it.
The compensation you should give him
I think so.
Take 200,000 as a dowry
The rest 400,000 for both of you
But give me a month to pay in one lump sum
Really stand for a sentence
Standing words are not necessary
When is the time?
Don't even think about running away with my daughter
My daughter was raised by me
I finally raised a big kid
I'm going to run away with you
I will
Why don't I feed him his father to the dogs?
Put it in the pigsty to raise
I won't let him marry you
OK.
You go make money
I'm waiting for you at home.
Oh, dear.
Now our village earns 50,000 a year
Those are all experts
You see it this way
Isn't this forcing Kobayashi to the ninth road?
You're the only peacemaker
Let me tell you something.
Even if what I want to give has nothing to do with me
You you oops